Oh, my gosh!
(grunts)
(groans)
(panting)
The few strands we have of her hair
aren't enough for her to recover.
She is turning into a child.
HEINE: She's in bad shape.
Shide.
(thrilling music)
Her nerves and muscles
are pretty worn out, Shinpei.
Ushioh can't fight anymore.
Damn it. If only I had
the strength to erase it.
SHINPEI: Ryunosuke.
Can you posses Shide's armor?
RYUNOSUKE: Huh?
SHINPEI: Sorry, that too risky.
But it's the only thing
I can think of doing.
USHIOH: Don't turn around, Ryu.
Don't worry, Shide can't read our minds.
Both of you, listen to me.
I'm gonna put all my energy
into turning the shots
into hacking bullets.
But it'll take two minutes to do that.
So I'll need you to buy me that time.
Having a secret strategy meeting, Shinpei?
Please, won't you let me join you?
It's fine. Shide doesn't have
the power to read memories.
He only has weapons,
because Hiruko is always by his side.
MASAHITO: You've changed, Heine.
I didn't expect you to betray me.
HEINE: You're the one
who's changed, Shide!
I remember everyting went wrong
after that awful day the whale drifted
on the shore of the island!
MASAHITO: I haven't changed at all.
If anything, I became enlightened.
I realized I must be faithful
to my own desire to live.
(Heine sobbing)
HEINE: Right from the start,
I just wanted us to be together.
That was all.
RYUNOSUKE: Two minutes, Shinpei.
Give it your all for just two minutes.
(yelling)
SHINPEI: There's no going back.
I'll give him everything I've got.
He's just rushing us.
But that's fine.
Let him think the shotgun's worthless.
(thrilling music)
Damn it! The shotgun won't stop him!
SHINPEI: Ushioh! Change weapons!
(blasts)
(groaning)
USHIOH: Good thing I like
to copy everything.
Even Hizuru's sledgehammer!
Thank you.
Now I can keep fighting.
MASAHITO: Everything ends if you die.
(panting)
You can't loop or see ahead.
(giggles)
After all, you have to give
the last boss a chance.
-(static)
-(Baby Heine cooing)
SHINPEI: One more minute.
MASAHITO: I see.
Both of them are right-handed.
That's hard to use.
SHINPEI: The first attack
was reflected back.
Just like an echo.
(gasps)
Shide's left arm...
It grew back!
USHIOH: He just copied his right arm
to make his left.
My erasing is working.
Keep it up, Ryu.
RYUNOSUKE: I will!
If I attack it, it reflects that back.
But if I stop, Shide will go for Ushioh.
Keep at it! Attack! Keep attacking!
Don't even give him room to breathe!
(thrilling music)
Dann it! I could only punch him.
(gunshot)
A bullet out of all things?
USHIOH: Ryu, no!
Behind you!
RYUNOSUKE: This is bad. Dodge it!
(Ushioh gasps)
(eerie music)
SHINPEI: Step back.
Take the bird's-eye view.
Those shell casings.
Not a single one has hit the ground.
Is this how shadows see time?
(clinks)
A second is so long.
It feels like forever.
How many more blows can I take?
Once she finishes the hacking bullet,
will I be in good enough condition
to shoot it?
Damn it. He's just too good.
Way stronger than any other shadow.
Even after Ushioh cut off
half of both his arms.
RYUNOSUKE: I'm the only one who can shoot.
I'm... the only one!
MASAHITO: We can both fight like shadows,
but the advantage of age, Ryunosuke,
-I've got years on you.
-(Shinpei groans)
RYUNOSUKE: I'm sorry, Ushioh.
Even if you finish the hacking bullet,
no one can shoot it.
USHIOH: Ryu.
(sobs)
Don't give up, Ryunosuke.
We can still do this.
Uh...
Now, it's time
for the comeback of the ages.
Ushioh. I'll shoot the hacking bullet.
(gasps)
Ryunosuke. Listen to me.
You have the ability
to possess bodies, right?
I need to you to take over Shide's armor
and stop him from attacking us?
Hm?
SHINPEI: We just need ten seconds.
It should be easy since it's empty inside.
USHIOH: Wait! You can't survive
without Ryu's support.
SHINPEI: I know.
But even if we keep dodging him,
my body won't last five seconds.
Yeah, but I'll still need
to touch Shide's armor.
RYUNOSUKE: Can I get that close
without dying?
SHINPEI: Be confident in yourself.
I know you can do it, Ryu.
MASAHITO: That's odd.
RYUNOSUKE: Okay!
MASAHITO: Even without any foresight,
he can escape a fatal blow.
RYUNOSUKE: I'll try it, Shinpei!
Listen. You can replicate
any movement that you see.
Nezu will show you how to shoot shadows.
HIZURU: I'm counting on you, Ryunosuke.
(thrilling music)
RYUNOSUKE: I'll see everything!
I'll weave past a fatal attack.
I can do it!
(groans)
He's in.
(groaning)
Good work, Ryunosuke.
(Shide grunting)
(Shide screaming)
(Ryunosuke grunting)
(Shide grumbles)
SHIDE: Are you trying to control my armor?
Not at all, you bastard.
I'm not going to let go of you!
But I hate you
with every fiber of my being!
(Shide grunts)
Good. Just stop him from moving.
(groaning)
SHINPEI: This is bad. I almost passed out.
Ryunosuke was supressing this amount pain?
USHIOH: Hang in there, Shinpei!
Just a while more!
SHINPEI: Yeah, Ushioh.
I feel better just hearing your voice.
(static)
I think I have
a little more fight left in me.
SHIDE: Well, well.
Your hatred makes me sad. I like you.
(gasps)
Ryunosuke.
-(Shinpei gasps)
-(squelches)
USHIOH: Ryu!
MASAHITO: Were you trying
to get Ryunosuke to break my armor?
Not a terrible idea.
However...
I took it upon myself
to break Ryunosuke apart.
You can prepare if you know beforehand.
You often did that yourself, Shinpei.
RYUNOSUKE: What?
(panting)
What do you mean you knew?
(giggling)
You didn't see the battle on Torajima.
You made it like it never existed,
but Hizuru tried the exact same thing,
(grunts)
Yeah, I admit, I do love loops!
SHINPEI: The shotgun is two meters away.
Just three steps,
but can I reach it?
A human like me move faster than Shide?
(cracks)
(groans)
Your body is starting to break! Damn it!
MASAHITO: It is nice
to just watch you fall apart.
But before I take the eye from Ushioh,
I should kill you with my own hands.
That sounds so much more satisfying.
(Shinpei grunts)
SHINPEI: Ushioh's eye will never be yours.
Hm...
-SHINPEI: She'll give it to me.
-(panting)
The fact that I still have mine
proves the ending is decided.
In the end, Ushioh will win!
Ending? Really?
I just want to live forever.
That's all there is.
MASAHITO: I want to see this world.
The future. The end of man.
The end of everything.
That was possible with Heine.
Fact is, I lived 326 years and 24 days
by continuing to switch bodies.
However, Heine got weaker.
When I learned
my life would end with Masahito,
I was filled with despair.
You just can't imagine.
But I changed my thinking
a few months ago.
If I can't see the end,
then I should just end the world with me.
If the world ended, that means
I could see the ending of this world!
If I could revive Hiruko's eye
even just temporarily,
I could steal that and erase the world.
I know how to turn off the power
from the game console.
After all, I'm the final boss, Shinpei.
Even if you know that,
you can't change the ending!
I'll steal that eye
and overwrite the future.
The one who reaches the ending is me!
(suspenseful music)
USHIOH: It's done!
The bullet is loaded! Come on, Shinpei!
SHINPEI: Wait for me, Ushioh. Here I come!
Don't waste your effort, Shinpei!
Everything you have done is in vain!
SHINPEI: It's no use?
Shinpei, you won't make it.
USHIOH: Move.
Come on!
Move! Move!
Please!
Just a little! Get closer to Shinpei!
Huh?
He reached it!
(panting)
Heine! You're the best!
RYUNOSUKE: Shinpei's right eye
has Shide on sight.
When he steps back,
he syncs with shadow movements.
Since I've been moving him,
his nervous system is active.
He just needs to move his body!
You can do it, Shinpei!
You've come this far, you can do it!
SHINPEI: That's right, Ryunosuke.
Nothing is in vain.
Everyone helped get me here.
Everyone's actions weren't meaningless.
I won't let that happen.
MASAHITO: He fell. No... He evaded me!
SHINPEI:
If it wasn't for everyone's sacrifices...
(gasps)
...I wouldn't be here now!
It's... It's like Sis said.
RYUNOSUKE:
The person who's gonna save us...
It's Shinpei!
(groaning)
MASAHITO: That bullet...
You're too stubborn, Ushioh.
(snarls)
This is the end, Shide.
The rest of us will live on.
(groans)
Stop...
SHINPEI: After you disappear,
the world will continue as always.
(growling)
MASAHITO: If Hiruko gets erased,
my armor will disappear.
I can't move. I can't see.
No!
Heine...
(groans)
This is my ending.
(breathing shakily)
Shinpei...
(panting)
USHIOH: You did it.
Yeah. Everyone will survive now.
(cooing)
Ow. Ow. It hurts.
I'll end it, Hiruko.
(whimpering)
-(static)
-Huh?
(Shinpei gasps)
Huh?
(cicadas chirping)
(gasps)
My body...
Shinpei, behind you.
Uh...
(gasps)
I recognize this...
(cooing)
-Huh?
-HEINE: This place...
-Uh?
-It's the real world.
Huh?
HEINE: But... 300 years ago.
Three hundred years?
Hiruko connected the exit
of the Everlasting Night with this beach.
Our bodies are far away.
It's just our data here.
SHINPEI: During loops,
I could sometimes see the past.
Is this what's happening now?
(all gasp)
(calm music)
Oh?
That kid.
It's me. The real me.
I see. Ushioh, erase Hiruko now.
RYUNOSUKE: That whale is Hiruko
in the past.
It wants to move its data back
and starts everything all over again.
Wait! Stay away from the whale!
You'll be killed!
(gasps)
I can't touch her.
Huh?
Don't approach the god.
You should go get a grown-up.
(whimpering)
(screaming)
PAST HEINE: It's a ghost!
I guess I scared her off.
(gasps)
You touched the past.
The awakened power in that eye managed
to change the past.
(whimpering)
USHIOH: Oh, okay.
Please take her.
Huh? Ushioh? What are you doing?
USHIOH: As long as this one
drifts ashore here,
the same thing will happen
even if I erase her.
-I need to erase this Hiruko.
-(static)
(Shinpei gasps)
USHIOH: She didn't want to redo it.
She wanted to end it.
That's why she called me here.
(sobbing)
Thank you.
(uplifting music)
USHIOH: Good night. Bye-bye.
(trilling)
-Thank you.
-(static)
Mm. Thank you, Ushioh. Thank you, Shinpei.
Heine.
Um, Ryunosuke.
If I get reborn, can we be friends?
Yeah! Of course!
I'll bring lots of snacks!
-I'm sure Sis would do that too.
-(giggling)
(uplifting music)
Ushioh.
Well, then, I guess
this is goodbye, Shinpei.
Uh... Hold on!
SHINPEI: I'll come with you.
We can be together.
With Hiruko gone, shadows will disappear.
Even my right eye
will revert back to normal.
I'll die once I return to my body.
I would rather just disappear
along with you.
Dummy.
USHIOH: You're giving me second thoughts.
But you need to go back!
Everyone's waiting. Don't worry.
I'll send you back to 2018.
(sobs)
USHIOH: These three days
were really scary and stressful.
But more than that,
I was happy to spend time with you!
Well? How about you?
(sobs)
I.. I was, too!
Seeing you again made me really...
(waves crashing)
(sobbing)
...really happy, Ushioh.
(closing theme music)
USHIOH: The power to cross time.
I finally figured it out.
This wasn't a coincidence.
That strong desire to see someone again
linked Heine and me.
With the power given to me,
I'll jump back and rewrite that summer.
I need to hurry!
Before this body disappears!
RECORDING
Make sure you find me. Promise me, okay?
USHIOH: Take good care of Mio.
All right. I have to go.
Come to this ending.
Everyone's waiting for you at the end.
I am waiting for you!
SHINPEI: Ushio!
Uh...
(Shinpei mumbles)